winning is a trap just make sure you
lose yeah okay good I'm glad glad the
secret is out
well teamliquid did it they are moving
on to Miami I'm joined right now by PO
Beltre after their quarterfinals match
against cloud 9 with coverage presented
by Omni slash talked a little bit about
this week and their day you guys clean
swept cloud 9 did you expect that yeah
like pretty good chance we were just
really confident really just sure that
we were gonna be a better team than them
and then we even played them last week
and then we went to against him that day
where we played like a regular match and
then tiebreaker against them so we
thought we kind of had them figured out
and then yeah today we were just able to
show it on stage I talked to a lot of
people during the break as I said or
during this past week because my whole
thing was you know it seems like cloud 9
is really falling and they say oh no
they're gonna figure it out they always
figure out during playoffs Reaper can
figure out their stuff but you you had
no concerns yeah I mean we figured our
stuff out too yeah so yeah ok so Pete at
the start of the split everybody
predicted you guys to be a first or
second place team unfortunately you guys
weren't able to hold that position for
that long as much of the split but do
you feel like now that you've figured
out your stuff that you guys are a first
or second place team yeah I think we
will make it to the finals definitely
some ugly games during the split but
we're just trying to figure out you know
just trying to gel as a team and then
yeah there were definitely some really
ugly games this year for our team
thinking about the 22 minute loss
against Ecco fog you guys at one point
in time beat your record for fastest win
or fastest game by losing faster I think
yeah that was pretty rough but you know
every loss is just a learning experience
so we really learned a lot because we
lost a lot of this to it yeah that's a
double if Tori's history - he's like oh
yeah these teams that won a lot they
stuck it out because they never lost but
we lost a lot so we're really good and
it's like it is a little
counterintuitive but I guess it is fair
that you learn a lot whenever you lose
yeah the trick is to lose but not lose
too much yeah because when you're on
immortals you won too much and then you
lost in playoffs so now
you didn't win that much and so now
you'll win in playoffs winning is a trap
just make sure you lose yeah okay good
I'm glad glad the secret is out yeah cuz
Steve said that he Steve said oh yeah
you know we lost a lot last year and
like I think I figured out what the
secret is to win and he said he wouldn't
share it but I think you just did the
secret to win is to lose yeah once you
once you lose so much you just reach
this like point of Nirvana where you're
like oh this is why I've been losing
this whole time then you just start
fixing your issues well boy am I ready
for this Nirvana for soloqueue okay
anyway well moving out so you guys are
going to Miami regardless are you
excited about playing on the big stage
again yeah last time last stage in the
United States was Boston I think it's
been a while it always feels like so
long since the last time you traveled
for competition I mean we went to China
too but yeah it feels like such a long
time from the last time because really
like other you sports in that way
because other eSports you're just
traveling all the time like if you're
playing csgo or dota yeah so it's always
really fun to be able to go out and
travel with your team and then just play
somewhere that isn't the studio every
week nothing wrong with the studio but
it's nice to have a change of scenery
yeah you you've mentioned a little bit
of the games during this match can you
talk to me a little bit about the first
game because I actually think that might
be the most interesting to me you guys
worked down well I think like 7k you had
a pretty good big goal deficit and then
you won but you want basically by like
dragging them all over the map there was
like multiple baron taunts and then
finally with the dragon fights that you
guys were able to sneak into their base
and take it like what were comms like
during that time and sort of who was
leading it did feel a little next level
yeah I think or composition that game is
really like fragile like if they were
able to get the engage on us then we're
probably just gonna crumple and die so
that's why it felt really long and
drawn-out because we just had to play so
safe yeah but we were able to do it
eventually reach like the late-game win
condition and then actually that game I
think we were all really nervous and
then Peter was just like telling
everyone what the to do because
everyone was feeling
nervous for that for the next few games
we opened up and started to play like
our normal selves but the first game I
think I think Peter stepped up a lot and
then you know just kind of was like I
don't know what the looking for the word
it's like filling in for people like I
don't to say doing their job but like
yeah take taking over comms and sort of
sharing taking over yes I see what you
mean like you did over a hundred percent
PDF yeah over performing over indexing
200 IQ whatever anyways but he was
basically the shot-caller for that first
game
shot-caller I actually hate that word
okay yeah was he calling the shots would
you say he called some shots some shots
recalled and then some other of our
teammates recalling other shots yeah
keeping an eye on my car cuz my meter
ran out so I might get a ticket here in
a second and don't want to have to spend
the patreon money on that you know what
I mean oh yeah let's just do the
interview on my own if you need to go
it's just like the ticket person runs up
and I jerk um ZUP and I just like run
out I'm like you got this what would you
ask yourself uh I don't know it's
probably a little harder than people
think yeah that's true I didn't read the
camera guy haven't seen that guy before
he's new it's not Brodin thrown us off
working on some some big thing I filmed
in a LaHaye speaking of the big thing I
filmed in LA do you care that the so
Emmet spring finals is smaller
ms:i is almost entirely in the EU LCS
studio do you know that yeah so except
for three days it's in Paris so let's
have four teams go there we riff rivals
is returning the studio and then na ours
all-stars is supposed to be in North
America and given that it's been in
North America two of the past three
years and at both times it was at the NA
LCS studio I feel like there's a pretty
good chance it's gonna be the studio do
you think it's frustrating that stuff
keeps playing in the studio or do you do
you want to change I asked because you
mentioned earlier the studio thing it's
nice to travel but also it's nice to
just play in our comfort zone which is a
studio I mean I played here every week
for like years now so it's really nice
really comfortable I know you'll be
playing in the EU LCS to do if you make
it to MSI right yeah okay nerve in there
but you know whatever yeah whatever
indeed now is there anything that you
would say to the people out there a lot
of people didn't believe in you guys
and they started to say like oh yeah
tails crap etc anything that you would
say to you those folks we've been
working hard I guess for your kind of
news but we're trying not to be noobs so
much recently and you know we did pretty
well today we're gonna try to do well
next week and then if we do well next
week we'll try to do well the week after
that that seems like a good strategy
should just keep trying to do well so
lose a lot and then start trying to do
well yeah that's the takeaway from this
interview thank you so much Eugene for
the interview for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel I know you hang out for the odd
layout right I can't she's not she's
busy here all hey guys uh anime is great
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
interviews of it's all take Travis
follow omni slash and subscribe is that
does that work did that does that make
you happy